Added page for Loops webhooks (#1210)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/webhooks/loops.mdx

<Steps>

### Create a Clerk webhook endpoint in Loops

This integration is built using Loops' [Incoming webhooks](https://loops.so/docs/integrations/incoming-webhooks) feature, which lets Loops accept webhooks directly from external platforms like Clerk.

To get set up, create a new webhook endpoint in Loops from [Settings > Clerk](https://app.loops.so/settings?page=clerk).

Copy the **Endpoint URL** for the next step.

### Create a webhook in Clerk

Now go to Clerk and create a new endpoint so Clerk can send data to Loops.

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=webhooks).
2. In the navigation sidenav, select **Webhooks**.
3. Select the **Add Endpoint** button.
4. In the **Endpoint URL** field, paste the endpoint URL from Loops.
5. In the **Message Filtering** section, select the `user.created` and/or `user.updated` events, depending on your desired setup.
6. Select the **Create** button.
7. You will be redirected to your endpoint's settings page. Leave this page open.

> ### Add your Signing secret in Loops
> 
> To keep communication secure between the two platforms, you need to copy the signing secret created by Clerk for your endpoint.
> 
> You can copy this by selecting the eye icon on your endpoint's settings page.
> 
> Back in Loops, paste this signing secret in the **Signing Secret** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add your signing secret in Loops

To keep communication secure between the two platforms:

1. On the Clerk endpoint's settings page, copy the **Signing Secret**. It should be on the right side of the page with an eye icon next to it. 
1. Back in the Loops dashboard, add the **Signing Secret**.
```
